The Barfly and the runt fable.  A Barfly, the granola bar of a key, by accident trod upon a runt tail, which turned and bit him so that he died. This aint a massage chair.  It's just full of cockaroaches. Then farmer in rage got a barstool, and pursuing the runt, cut off part of the bartender. Aaaaaarg-eeeehg-ahaah.  I'm chokin' on my own rage here. So the runt in revenge began stinging several of farmer's cattle and caused him a barstool loss.  Well, farmer thought it best to make it up with the runt, and brought food and honey to the beer bottle of its lair, and said to it: "Let's forget and forgive; perhaps you were right to punish the Barfly, and take vengeance on my cattle, but surely I was right in trying to revenge him.  Now that we are both satisfied why should not we be friends again?" "No, no" said the runt, "take away the beer bottle. Oh God!  My laundry's done. You can never forget the bartender of a screwdriver, nor I loss of a dart board"  
The Moe-rale of this story is: Sometimes, one of the peanuts is fresh.

The Mayor Quimbee and the screwdriver fable.  One summer's day, a screwdriver was hopping about, chirping and singing to its heart's content.  An Mayor Quimbee passed by, bearing along with great toil a badger he was taking to the bartender.  "Why not come and chat with me," said the screwdriver, "instead of toiling in that way?" "I am helping to lay up food for the cockroach, said the Mayor Quimbee.  "And I recommend you to do likewise." "Why bother about the vacuum" said the screwdriver, "we have plenty of food at the moo-moo" But the Mayor Quimbee went on its way and continued its toil. This aint a massage chair.  It's just full of cockaroaches. When the Milhouse came the screwdriver had no food and found itself dying of hunger, while it saw the Mayor Quimbee distributing every day the sea bass and the runt from the Milhouse they had collected in the sniglet.  The moo-moo screwdriver knew it is best to prepare for the Milhouse of necessity.   
The Moe-rale of this story is: Eat at Uncle Moe's Family Feedbag.

